Why didn't Joe Rogan endorse Tulsi Gabbard? Does she stand to lose the most from his endorsement of Sanders?
What was Tulsi Gabbard’s MOS during her first deployment? How exactly did she earn her Combat Medical Badge?
If Bernie Sanders drops out of the race (or if his supporters begin deserting him), who is most likely to benefit most amongst Elizabeth Warren, Tulsi Gabbard, and Andrew Yang?
What are your thoughts on the range of ages spanning the 2020 Democratic Presidential Nomination field? Warren, Biden and Sanders would all be the oldest to be elected and Gabbard and Buttigieg would be the youngest to be president if elected.
How much of an effect does Google Ads have on one's presidential campaign if their ads become suspended?
Why has the DNC used new qualifying standards for the upcoming Arizona debate that will leave only the top two contenders Joe Biden, and Bernie Sanders on stage excluding Tulsi Gabbard?
Before endorsing her for president, did white nationalist David Duke realize that Tulsi Gabbard was biracial of Samoan and white ancestry?
What does Tulsi Gabbard have to do to become as popular as Bernie Sanders in the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries and caucuses?
What do American Samoans think of Tulsi Gabbard?
Is Tulsi Gabbard being propped up by Clinton against Trump? Since her Russian asset smear, Tulsi went up 4 points and ahead of Booker and Harris?
Will Tulsi Gabbard make it to the next debate in September?
What is Tulsi Gabbard's next move?
Is Kamala Harris as progressive as Tulsi Gabbard?
Why has Tulsi Gabbard consistently fallen near the bottom in presidential polling during the Democratic nomination race?
Why did Tulsi Gabbard only now choose to end her campaign?
How strong is Tulsi Gabbard's support base for the 2020 US Presidential Race?
There is talk about Tulsi Gabbard running as an Independent in the coming Presidential election; That would likely be a mistake, but considering that the liberal Democrats have all but rejected her, wouldn't she make a great Republican Party convert?
Why did Tulsi Gabbard endorse Joe Biden when her platform is closer to Bernie Sanders'?
How come CNN excluded Tulsi Gabbard from participating in climate change town hall on September 4, 2019?
DNC banned Tulsi Gabbard from participating in the debates based on “not meeting the criteria”. Why Klobuchar and Castro are allowed and Tulsi Gabbard is not?
Is Tulsi Gabbard the Jim Webb of the 2020 Democratic primaries?
Does Tulsi Gabbard have a shot at being the 2020 nominee in the now farther left Democratic Party?
Why do my fellow Democrats want Tulsi Gabbard to run for President in 2020? What's special about her?
Do you think Jimmy Dore could have a role in a Tulsi Gabbard presidency similar to Stephen Miller's role in Donald Trump's presidency?
If Tulsi Gabbard and Bernie Sanders are the last two remaining Democratic candidates, how will they campaign against each other?
What is the difference between Tulsi Gabbard's proposal of 'Medicare Choice' and Medicare for All?
Is Tulsi Gabbard the only level headed Democrat presidential candidate?
How does Tulsi Gabbard qualify as a presidential candidate for the United States 2020 presidential election as far as the Constitution’s citizenship requirements are concerned?
What are your initial thoughts regarding Tulsi?
What could be some of the potential benefits of having Tulsi Gabbard as our next President?
Interviews with Tulsi Gabbard never seem to be rich in policy proposals. Does the fault lie with the candidate herself or the questions she receives?
How might Tulsi respond more effectively to fears of loss of liberty and encroachment?
